So we had our first Plug-In and therefore have the chance of running code before we mount the root the
instance.
And this is good for any code you want to run not just for registering global components.
It doesn't even have to be view related code you run.
You could for example execute a Poley Phil's file where you check whether the prom is object exists
on the browser you're using and load up POLLI full if that's not the case.
So basically any global javascript code you want to execute at application start up create a plugin
for it.
One case that is related to view is that we could also.
Besides registering components register a filter like a date filter because we do have a badly formatted
data an hour.
Now here I attached some code to to this video which you can paste into this fall.
This is just giving you a function that will in the end take date as an input and formatted into a more
readable format.
Now we just need to import view into this file so import view from view.
And with that we can register a global filter with the filter method give it a name by which you can
use it like date and then point to the faulter function which should take a value as an input and return
the formatted value.
In this case it's the date filter function in this file.
With that we just need to go to the next conflict and register this fall as a log into.
So again all point to do plug ins folder and then date filter.
J.S. with this we can go to or a single post here in the ID folder and add the pipe symbol to register
that date filter here.
Now with that we save this and reload the page we got a nicely formatted date here and that is really
great.
Now because this allows us to register such global filters without any tricky work arounds just by using
that plugins feature.
And again because it's important you can run any lobal javascript code that children at application
start up in such a plugin.